Who had a soon-fetched from many responsibilities,
that's never been occurred to you, that you've hurt us by.
We did not hurt us by.
We did not hurt us if we did not have in both sides.
Yes, sir.
I have been in both sides.
That would be in both sides.
But if you wouldn't be the most natural thing in the world,
for you who are such a very serious even,
or anybody who has been given that straight assignment of trust,
the one who discharge this faithfully,
and decisively, and without the help, the assistance of an outside independent agent,
wouldn't that be natural, Mr. Adam?
I don't know.
There's no criticism about it, but now I can help.
You've asked me a long question, and it doesn't just be better to be an Englishman.
I have known many officials of the executive branch of the government.
I have known practically none of them.
In years that I have been in the government who have not welcomed me,
welcomed me, and then pleased to have assistance from congressional committees.
I have never heard Mr. Steven say anything other than that he has greatly respect
for the elected office of his country, a great respect for the legislature of this country,
and a continuing desire to assist and cooperate with the legislative body.
So I do not think that it's correct to say that the fact that this congressional committee
or any other congressional committee had an interest in a matter of which was not being properly administered
had an agency subordinate to the secretary, the body of the secretary,
because it did not.
And he says the reactions of our subscribers would be unnatural.
They would be unfair.
They would be unnatural, but my knowledge is the secretary.
You have no answer to RTLB about it.
What about you?
If you have been in the secretary of the army,
matter of great fight is wrong.
Matter of responsibility is the necessary service.
Charge with the duty of cleaning out the army, getting these subordinates out of its right.
And some other independent agencies is just in,
and started doing work that you had failed to do.
Would your face feel alright?
Would you fight that you did to rule her?
Get an agency step in and do work that I had failed to do.
I would feel bad about it.
I don't think Mr. Steven had failed over the charge of obligation.
Why don't you say in your 40 days of basement care?
That's...
Well, you would have gotten this work done ultimately.
If we think about by a son of the Macau's in his community.
Don't you say that without me, Madam?
I did say that, and there's very good reasons for that, sir.
Mr. Steven, the rest can self-presidentally do it,
and rest can't self-presidentally do it, ordinarily.
The office of the secretary of the army...
has responsibility for the entire field of the army.
And we just people also think that they should have otherwise been doing it.
The rest themselves, precisely, and quite succumb to this problem.
And that's the office of the state of the secretary of the office,
personally, to be commanding general of the post.
There are hundreds of military posts in the United States,
and I would gather to get this on matters concerned with the administration of the post.
The secretary of any of the one in one of the states has probably
been taught only to very few of them.
The secretary talks also about the commanding general of the first army,
under whose age and under whose jurisdiction is what one of the best,
about a matter in its abort and echelon through that army headquarters,
which is unusual.
The post office is speed up in any case.
If the secretary of any military department calls any post commander and says,
I want you personally to do this to address yourself to this instead of your regular duties,
or an extraduity or a good extra people on it.
And if he states, rather, I am putting officials of my office on it,
and I have directed the interview on echelon,
also to put people, especially on it,
the work will get done faster.
That's what happened in the case.
Those that you're saying, this is secretary, and I'm not charging you with it,
was guilty of no dareliction of duty.
No, no, no.
But that's the work that was done more rapidly by reason of the intervention of Senator McCarthy.
Is that right?
And by reason of the intervention of Secretary C.
All right, well, now when you get,
we do give Senator McCarthy and by the any credit, whatever.
So that's right.
You have to get any credit.
All right, it's any credit.
All right.
Now then, it is time is important in leaking out the person who did not miss that.
Yes, it is.
Very well, we have placed in that, I read you, Father, from yours.
Time's fifth.
On November 6th, at the end of the page, there's a statement.
Secretary C. Davis.
A luncheon was held in the front.
And the secretary, Steven DeNee, and Senator McCarthy, and Conan Haas.
Mr. Steven's purpose was Father C.
Suspended Senator McCarthy's statement of October 13th and 14th.
He was ready to terminate the fort's mom last year,
and turn the subcommittee findings over the army.
Not to slam their terminates.
Now, as do I get to get to that, that's the purpose of this luncheon of November 6th.
Mr. Steven, watch the pursuant Father, these statements allegedly made for the senator on the 13th and 14th,
and he was ready to terminate, quit, and turn over to the committees.
Turn over to the army, the work he had been doing.
Is that what that statement is?
Is that a fair?
Is that statement the data?
I'd like to have it read in very long cases.
I'll read it in a second.
I'll have to ask the secretary to pass it over.
While the reporter is searching for the question, let's return to our studios across the country
to permit our station to identify them.
This is ABC Television Network.
Delicious, former Secretary Conde, 59th, and Censipal,
like a brand new Grand Union story,
collecting an avenue between Madison and Cesson Avenue and Cesson New Jersey.
Don't miss the night's 10th Pack Niforce,
drawing him clear of Boston Blackest. That's not an eight.
Let's supervise 7W-80C Television New York.
Now back to Washington and the Army McCarty County.
Turn to the 17th and the findings over the army,
and I ask you whether or not in the life
the rest statements made by you.
Both you and the secretary,
not only wanted this suspension of Senator McCarty's words
but you wanted this termination of it,
in surprise it's related to Fort Mama.
Is that a fair question or not?
I don't think it's a fair assumption.
Because there was more to the luncheon than that.
This 40-page statement of the conversation
is what's crooked and dead and 200-page.
There were a number of circumstances surrounding the luncheon of November 6th,
all of which were on the reasons for having luncheon,
one of which was, in addition to the fact that we were still aware
of what we consider to be the Democratic clear-faces of this plan.
And we had an actual desire to ask and give this to what's going on.
I had been receiving some very regularly from this cone
that there were independent news stories coming from sources within the Pentagon,
which seemed to be or be generated from the top side,
and which were not consistent with the announcements
that had been being made by Senator McCarty about hearing.
And he was a little discontent about what he felt
where they had an effort on the fight of the Army
to issue conflicting statements from those that were being met
at the auditioning.
And Mr. Steven also, I talked to him about those of those matters,
and I told him that McCarty had made his offer
and that I had been to New York through a hearing on the 30th of October,
and that I didn't know whether it was going to continue any longer
or whether it was going to terminate Mr. Steven.
I think yesterday we could go together and see that,
well, let's bring the envelope over lunch.
That was the purpose of the lunch.
It was not for the purpose of grinding it through a hole,
we said that McCarty was not ready to grind it through a hole.
We had also the concern, which was continuing to turn with us,
and which was building up about the threat statements from the Treasury.
All right, I'm going to tell them that you've stayed here
for one of the purposes of the last luncheon in the mind of the Secretary
of the Department of Secretary of State,
and I would say also that they're bothering you with an immobile round
or have to move around with the number of which they tell you there.
The Secretary of State, until they're truly before I answer questions,
they get their offer.
I think the Secretary of State is bothering the witness.
They're wondering about it.
The reason they didn't tell anything about it in the Christmas House.
They understand the rules, they all lose, and they're quite a pile.
And it doesn't show anybody.
It doesn't really happen very much longer.
This is going to have to suspend hearings or photographers can jump up and down.
There is more important business currently before this country can take you taking.
So let's proceed now to that month.
I'm getting back, sir.
I have to have the question asked again.
All right, one, two, three, two, one.
I'll take you to the Parliament.
Question one, question one, Mr. Chairman.
Question, I understand Mr. Adam.
I just say here that one of the purposes of that luncheon in the mind of the Secretary.
The question was not finished before this.
Well, I don't think he said better than I think.
Mr. Stevens, purpose was further to pursue Senate Democratic statements
of officer was born, seen for 1314, but he was ready to terminate the report,
the board's monolith hearings and the subcommittee's findings go in the Army.
That's correct, isn't it?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir, it is.
And you say, however, there was no purpose to get Senator McCarthy to terminate the hearing.
Well, that isn't quite correct.
Where would this be getting to continue the hearing?
No, it would not be getting to continue the hearing either.
If I said there was no purpose to get him to terminate the hearing, that, of course, is not correct.
By then, we were very aware of the...
...preferences in the statements that had been made about the hearing then.
And we felt that the Army was receiving a very bad and very unfair press.
And Mr. Stevens was very hopeful that the hearing could be terminated in some manner.
And that's the...
...mockage during back to the Army for further investigation.
Very well.
I was still talking about whether or not your discharge was made against you,
that you were trying to stop this committee's work and I reached out.
During this lunch, and that's one of November 6th,
Cones suggested that the committee have a few days of open hearing.
Had been none on Port Mama's last time.
You wanted it as he said to food, the espionage situation in Port Mama's.
However, since there's been no showing of any current espionage,
since the plan of gangs as he outlined it was designed to be dealt by inference only.
Mr. Stevens and I objected to this program.
So what program?
The deadline, the scheduled outline of hearing, open hearing,
in the matter of the suggested that they would be carried on.
Mr. Cone, according to you here, says, let's have some open hearings on Port Mama's.
That is right.
The food that's in our situation, that is right.
The discharge that this has, that is right, and it was a type of evidence.
That's the suggest.
Well, I know, as you say here that he wanted, he said,
suppose the espionage situation in Port Mama's.
However, since there's been no showing of current espionage,
since the plan of gangs as he outlined it was designed to be dealt by inference only.
Mr. Stevens and I objected to this program.
Now you don't feel anything about it.
You think about this as I do?
No.
But you say that definitely, if you objected to that program, what program is that?
The proposal was open hearing in the matter of the proposed committee carried on.
Then did you say, so that you and the secretary had no objections to the investigation
of Port Mama's switch investigation, including both the executive and the open days?
We had no objections to the investigation.
The thing that the secretary was opposed to, which we did last, was the type of hearing.
That is right.
I read further.
It seemed that the space matter, but the space.
It seemed to me by now that hearings could be turned off at all.
At home players, I was talking about hearings, he turned off at home players.
And we now need to have the second meeting for us, the secretary, to keep the hearings going in better.
We say this as that.
That these hearings could be turned off at this phone players.
And they had enough influence to turn them around to keep them going indefinitely.
We're talking about hearings and hearings only aren't we?
Yes.
There are hearings and hearings only.
Mr. Here's your next statement.
Mr. Stevens, there for a statement.
He was anxious to have the committee finish his work and was agreed to sign the papers for a weekend.
And under exceptional conditions, the shines of the ability only can by his training.
If the post-demand and maybe general ryan at least didn't you say, sir, Mr. Adams, in that very statement,
that Mr. Stevens agrees to these papers for these shines, because you've been used,
that phone can turn its investigation off and on, and had enough influence over seven times as he's been going indefinitely.
Isn't that precisely what you said it is?
And that you were afraid in favor for a guy to give the investigation stop?
No, I think so.
Very respectfully, Mr. Jenkins.
You have read on the second page.
And if you have picked it up, say a four-centred earlier and have read it, beginning with the second paragraph in the middle of page.
No, I have read those to the places you concluded by this and they are the whole thing my son, this is it.
All right, begin read now.
Do you want me to read that or do you want me to read that or do you want me to read that?
What do you read, Mr. Johnson?
Say it once in a time, name your name by home for the time.
These days, I have been spending several of my time spending the new work, which only time to do.
And I would recommend that you all this time, be near the goal of the weekend and from time to time, on this night.
The pharmacist in charge of this request by home, even though only a few weeks earlier, out of home present, he has strongly expressed to me and had later revealed that Mr. Jenkins is visiting me, signing with a little message in his name.
It was difficult to disagree with home contention as the sign of the venture work.
One of the requests was made in the presence of the chairman and agreed to by him.
If we had physically, if we felt they had some great experience with home, that he might be no angered and as well, very well might express itself to hearing that in defenituration and bottom year.
It seemed to me by now that he had been turned on and off its home players.
And we now know he has sufficient influence with the synergies he's hearing, going indefinitely.
Mr. Davis, there are four states.
The Hewitt-Anxious, the health and committee finishes work.
And what a great assurance that they'll have a little bit of weekend and under exception will send it in.
The shine of the day will be on weekdays after training, if the post-command agrees.
Those questions, I mean, it doesn't mean too much.
It doesn't mean too much, no.
When you say bad, you just read it and I made it from the new paragraph, it was difficult to disagree with home contention as the sign of the venture work.
When the request was made in the presence of the chairman and agreed to by him, why was it?
Why was it more difficult to disagree with home alone in the presence of Senator McCrushen that it was alone, when he was alone?
Well, yes, A. Concongression committee chairman and his chief counsel are together, taking to a official of the government and his chief counsel makes certain affirmative statements, which are asking or agreed to by the senator, it can only be assumed that that's the position of the senator.
Funny if you were on firm ground, we respect to the army and its personnel and the citizens of its solid channels and its personnel and the words we were doing, we didn't ask the birches and come in and all that sort of thing.
Why, Mr. Adams, this is a presence of your senator, Joe McCutty, having him go on to whatever lives and you'll just say it.
This is our army, we're running it, we're running it right, just in the vegetable doomsday, which for his contrary was the sign of the day and the day of his reign, why didn't you say that, Adam?
Well, I just don't think I'll be here.
All right, all right, all right. But you still say that.
Speaking in new seconds, it's clean and easy to gain, it's just it turns them all on and off it's going to spread through, it's just it's done and it's done and it's done and it's done.
All on and off it's done and it's done.
Let's make your friends.
Mr. Stevens, the airport stated that he was anxious to have to commit a finished work, isn't that saying that in view of the past.
The Roy Cohn and T.C. Zering's going in definitely, that he can influence the senator's age and feel those facts.
We are free to give shine long weekends or special dispensations.
I don't think so, sir.
That's not a fair interpretation of it.
No, so Mr. Stevens, position with residents is done and my presence at least always works the same.
And that was that he did not want anyone to be able to continue that he or the army had stepped in and had taken an essential official from this committee and had made it impossible for the committee to continue his investigation.
It was for that reason that he made the first in session on two weeks to do it when the man was inducted.
It was that reason for that reason that he made this week's session, this week's session.
He wanted to assist the committee and he always wanted to assist the committee.
And it didn't matter if the decision wasn't based on Mr. Cohn's ability to do this between these investigations or not.
That's your idea, right?
No, that's not that.
It did not matter to the spectator you, Mr. Cohn, who's been in the investigation going on and definitely did.
That is why that was not even a sensitivity factor.
You're bringing just a loud shyly gentle.
Well, what's the contributing factor?
I had nothing to do with the decision. Mr. Stevens made the decision and so by as he was in turn, I am sure it was not a contributing factor with him.
There was only one factor.
Chine was required by the committee and he wanted to get him to the committee.
It was not a contributing factor with him.
I had nothing to do with the decision.
Mr. Stevens made the decision.
I had no entitlement for the decision in that case.
I didn't even focus on the decision and he wouldn't have consulted.
Although I have been further, you were.
And there were still talking about the charge at UN Secretary by the broadcasters investigation report moments in which you say 730 ought to proceed.
Our perforated duty risk was suspended.
General McCarthy found that he could try to terminate the fort mom with hearings in an early days.
And began an investigation of communist and labor unions in the bank plan.
We were pleased with the prospects of an early end of the year.
And with the prospects of an end to the demoralizing publicity which you'd result as their promise.
Mr. Adams, as I gather, as I am perforated, you have made two statements of facts.
We were pleased with the prospects of an early end of the year.
Is that correct? Yes, sir?
And yet I believe that you're position.
That it was a matter of a different thing.
No, no, I told you earlier that if I had said it was a matter of this difference, that is not the right thing.
I would equally concerned that Mr. Decker said, with Mr. Steven, about the type of hearings and the publicity which is resulting there from.
But as to whether an investigation continues from a professional point of view in the office of the Department of Counselor, it's just an investigation.
I'm so glad you like the word.
Thank you very much.
And do you still say that you have no desire, however slight.
I don't think we, I don't think that it's the right to say that we have no desire, however slight.
But I think that's the right to say that yes or no.
I think that's the right to say that yes or no.
Well, Mr. Jenkins, I don't.
If you say we question, it doesn't seem any as always, but yes or no.
When I ask you now whether or not you, when you say it is the same, but I have this right.
And in view of previous statements, I just say, when I ask you now whether or not you have any desire, however slight.
We're done as a precaution, accept, and this, continue our suspend their investigations, report my list.
Can you answer that yes or no?
I don't think that's the answer.
You don't think you know either.
Well, you leave that in your answer if you want.
Well, I can't answer it yes or no because it isn't the testable of the yes or no.
Some of these things have got to be in trouble with it.
And if you'll give your permission now, let's go.
It calls.
I'm not going to argue with you.
We're going to pay for that.
If you've got your answer now, I put you on leave with the committee.
If you're right.
If you cannot answer that simple question, yes or no?
I'm going to go.
I don't like it a lot.
But what I said is that it can't.
And the author's to explain why.
I don't care if the witness wants to leave that way, it's all right with me.
But if he does want to explain why and give the answer.
I'm going to send a senator in and say, I'll say, you get franky,
but I didn't get the impression that he wanted to talk about it.
If he does, I expect me to have no dissolution to the end of the rough.
Huh?
Uh, Mr. Adams.
I've got a hard answer.
I did not mean to rush it to work.
I'm going to do the other thing that you desire to make as well.
I think I have.
Uh, would like to say this.
Uh, the purpose of one of the purposes of November 6th is meeting.
What I was afraid to follow up, what I considered in the way of an author
was sending a context that the investigation and the hearings were about
concluding the fires and the McCarthy with concern.
And he was ready to turn those matters back to the end.
Uh, when you have something in advance with something of that sort in the day end,
well, one of the things you would have to do is to conclude.
Uh, my conversation that day was in the county where directed toward that end
because of what I considered to be preliminary suggestions,
which might be followed with satisfactory conclusion.
We were not happy with the hearings.
We were not happy with the publicity that was going from the hearings.
Uh, as to whether or not the committee continues to investigate
uh, what monoliths and other places, that was not a matter which concerned us.
It was the hearings and the publicity which monoliths.
And I apologize to you, Mr. Jenkins, if I have failed to get the little answer requested for you.
I was tempted. Yes, no answer were I can.
But you cannot answer my life's question.
Will you read the question please?
Whatever, if the question is answered is never too good to respond.
If you reply, I'll let you know.
I'll find out the time it has to be resolved.
I'll have a clear message.
What are you saying?
No answer, I'll answer the question again.
You better go ahead and go ahead.
Mr. Jenkins, how do you understand that?
Mr. Jenkins, what are you saying?
Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Johnson.
There's no place for no answer.
Mr. Jenkins, I suggest that the question be re-read,
where I always thank Mr. Jenkins against what he's looking for.
If it's at all possible and I like to have the question re-read.
I'm scared of the question.
This is what it means to write in one.
Somebody said he's thinking might just want to be read.
I think that's a different question to be read.
It just hasn't been read because the reporter is served all of me.
You see another one now.
It's been a really different question.
Now I'm as people ask the questions to be read.
I'd like to share the question if you spend these interagitories
and color quizzes or degrees.
I think there's a job before everybody gets halfway through each note.
Go ahead.
Question.
When I ask you now whether or not you,
when you decade as a saver, I have just read.
And in view of previous statements, I have just read.
When I ask you now whether or not you had any desire, however slight,
or Senator McCarty and his staff to discontinue or suspend their investigations
or for them, can you answer that for yes or no?
It's a way to investigation reviews.
I think the answer is in the negative.
I didn't care how long they can continue to investigate.
That would not within the curfew of the Army,
and if I had to suggest it during a previous testimony,
this morning that I did care, it was not accurate.
That's a normal function of the investigating committee.
Mr. Adam, on November 13th, the Secretary of the State
went to the press to the effect that insofar as the Army
have been able to determine that this did no current
espionage support mama that is correctively.
Yes.
If they are so there, I answer.
You received a telephone call from the scone this month.
I think I received a telephone call from the scone that night.
I heard the press had disseminated that smug news.
Brother, I said what mean it's that?
Yes.
I asked you whether or not you've been,
as the secretary has been,
Dr. E. Coli.
Something like that, I guess.
Yes.
I answered that in the affirmative.
Mr. Adam, you learned very well in the set statement
of the Secretary, and again, call to the real.
Are I in your own private home list?
Yes, sir.
I will ask you whether or not
they are so there, I answer.
You call to the phone yourself.
Well, I had a call from Mr. Coli on Friday night,
and I had another call coming on Saturday.